&nbsp;&nbsp;In my opinion, the algorithm certainly rules out people who don’t deserve help for their bad choice, but there are two problems with these algorithms. First, the algorithms are not subjective. The algorithms are designed based on the assumption that poverty is not a solvable problem, so designers apply triage to mitigate the effect of humanitarian crises. People in charge didn’t bring the needed resources, such as building more houses to accommodate the homeless. Instead, they apply convincing algorithms to deemphasize the humanitarian crisis, making people feel they don’t get a house because they make bad choices. Similarly, cops can hold their bias shaping where they collect the crime data and then fed it into predictive algorithms. Cops can stay away from being blamed and let this self-fulfilling statistic do their job. This issue needs to be taken seriously because on one hand, it deprives vulnerable groups’ right to resist injustice, and on the other hand, it makes it easier for some people to promote their bias.
/r
&nbsp;&nbsp;The second problem is that the systems deepen or create discrimination, accompanied by disenfranchisement and transfer of rights. Looking into Indiana's case, social state is a determinant as the poor are being strictly surveilled. They will suffer cut-off resources if they are considered incorporated. Looking into China’s case, the accordance lies in that the victims are the minority. I encountered the scenario where migrant workers and old people were prohibited from boarding the train because their phones are too old to load QR codes. When a new system comes in, people with the least resources suffer the most. But nowadays there are some differences. One interesting difference seems to be that there is reversal regional discrimination. Beijingers and Shanghainese enjoy their regional superiority for living in the political or financial centers. However, due to the severe virus, Beijingers and Shanghainese are being strictly surveilled. Only one day after I left Shanghai for home, 4 cops showed up in front of my door checking my health code. Ironically, the large population generated by development contributes to making Beijing and Shanghai high-risk areas. When talking about Beijing or Shanghai, people no longer praise their development but labeled them as affected areas that can lead to the red or yellow of their code. 