&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Surveillance capitalism is big companies are deviating from their promise to collect data benefiting people, instead they are collecting far more data to predict people's behavior for profit. She mentioned that the value of large Google comes from the exploitation of data which that is not generated by the words searched but rather the cookies. This influences people behaviors and will accurately predict our future behaviors. I am particularly surprised by “We think they are free but they think we are free”. We didn’t notice our data are being exploited and happily enjoying the benefit of companies’ service. But big companies are much happier because they gather the information that can sell for profit. Technology makes control invisible. Linked with the previous reading, the first thing scares me is that the invisible and automated control is used to entrench existing hierarchies, providing the chance that controllers can hide behind numbers and rule remotely. The second thing scares me is that it reduces the freedom of individuals without we even being aware of it. We may be given the specific content and draw the conclusion (buying decision) the controllers want us. Associated with my own experience, I noticed a very interesting phenomenon about Meitu, an app provides photo beautification. When you sign in as a male user, the advertisements are mostly about live streaming. When you sign in as a female user, the advertisements are mostly selfie skill. This difference leads both the female, and the male users use his app and getting profit.
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Concerning the disagreement and questions. I disagree with Zuboff’s approach to surveillance capitalism that young generation can solve this issue. I admit there are regulation like the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), but it’s impossible to draw the clear line between what data is enough for providing people beneficial service. The exploitation of labor hasn’t been solved yet then how can the exploitation been solved. Also, I have a question about what is government’ role in Surveillance capitalism. Why Google and Facebook are the main force in exploiting data but not other companies. Is the government collaborating with these companies or government’s regulation benefit these companies?