&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;From my perspective, those out-dated and imprecise data should be deleted. In the podcast, Mario’s information of bankruptcy should be deleted since he had cleaned up the mess and got his life back on course. There is no need to keep this data because this unnecessary data can be harmful for Mario’s career and could trap him in bad memories. However, the difficulty of erasing the record was far beyond Mario’s expectation. And for SETH, from the podcast, we know that he committed no crimes after he had exposed himself to two women. Keeping his data not only destroyed his self-esteem but also dealt unrepairable damage to his family. What’s more, in order to gain more attention, some media tend to amplify the drawbacks of the issue, causing even more harm to the SETH and his family. For those who are aware of their mistakes and spare no effort reforming, their stain should be forgotten. Ironically, in this podcast, we see a number of cases where forgiveness didn’t arrive in response to their commitment. By contrast, the police officer who committed the worst crime of shooting an innocent boy with a toy gun was not remembered at first. Recently, when I was doing research on Asian American Hate crime, I found a similar case. A man worked at NYC HPD called a resident ‘Chin Chong’ in an official letter. I went through dozens of news, no media platform mentioned his name. In reddit, people are questioning why the media is protecting this workers’ identity. In this case, we see the difficulty of deciding who deserves the right to be forgotten. If this man is forgotten, in the future, will he become the next killer, murdering an asian Tamir Rice? If this man is remembered, how much will his family be influenced? Will his children no longer have access to a normal life simply because he wrote a letter with racist content? Since we can’t predict the future, it’s difficult for us to judge and evaluate whether in this case, the privacy of the worker is worth protecting. The dilemma lies in the potential cost of switching from one option to the other, and this reveals the complexity behind the notion of “right to be forgotten”.
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For the ClearView, the benefit is obvious that it can decrease the crime rate as well as eliminate the police bias in looking into the suspects. When a black and a white committed the same assault, no one can guarantee that the police won’t spent more time finding and arresting the black while announcing that due to the lack of resources, they fail to find the white criminal. Fortunately, this machine treats faces equally that once a face is entered, it displays all the result it can find. However, the drawback is also obvious that people may suffer privacy breach and the system can make some people invisible, helping them escape from crime. The machine can find all the faces, and they can certainly delete all the faces. In this sense, the machine can become an accomplice of the criminals as well. In my opinion, to deal with the drawback, we still need to figure out an efficient mechanism of regulating the controller of this machine.

