The first example I think of is that the medical insurance companies use big data to detect medical fraud. United health care is famous for using big data to detect medical fraud. This company is also notorious for not paying patient their insurance. Linked with Virginia Eubanks’ sharing, this is because based on the system’s prediction, it can be identified as a medical fraud. In this case, algorithmic prediction applies classification and regression to predict future event. Statistic prediction strengthens this prediction by providing statistic proof, for instance, the black group have a higher rate of committing fraud. Though there is no connection between collective average and individual action, nowadays your fate is more likely to be based on the collective impression. What you do no longer matters but what others think your “group” do matters. Again, this is using big data to marginalize the minority.
	The second example I think of is Prof. Brooks Holtom and Prof. David Allen using big data and algorithm to predict turnover propensity index (TPI), a number predicting whether an employee is likely to be thinking about quitting. They collected employees’ number of past jobs, education, gender, and geography to predict TPI. They obtained the result that those identified as “most likely” to be receptive to new opportunities were 63% more likely to change jobs. Here I notice that this system has the possibility to become one of the precogs because it is close to 66% accuracy, similar with the judgement rate in Minority Report. If this algorithm becomes popular, some people will definitely leave their job not because they don’t like their jobs but because the algorithm said they will leave. Since nowadays the majority believe what data says, it’s easier to manipulate their future action. Furthermore, I feel like because of system credible classification and regression, it seems that individuals will forever be in this category and can never escape from the past. For people being bullied from the past, precogs will keep maintain others stereotype to the future.
	The last example is package delivery system. They use big data to predict when you will receive your package. I like this statistic prediction that based on the previous number, you know when your package is going to arrive. Furthermore, I feel happy that my individual fate is connected with others in the same building. From my observation, the delivery man only come once a day. This means I share nearly the same predictive data with others equally. 
	
