I have a better understanding of how context (characteristic, power, groups) shape data after my data collection. At first, I questioned why we have a project based on our own data. We study the visualization of big data collected by others. Why do we need to collect this small data by hand? When I work with data, I feel the existence of subjectiveness, error, and inaccuracy. I recorded the times I looked through windows. After just a short while, I began to notice that I am doing this purposely because I know I need more data for my project to identify a pattern in my action. I also noticed that when I truly enjoyed this action, I often forgot to record the accurate time and the accurate reason why I am doing that. Limitations (purposely occur), intentions (completing homework), and perspectives (where I am looking) should always be taken into account because data will not even be generated without these specific factors. Secondly, I feel how different classes and groups shape the data I collect. I live on the 25th floor, this gives me the access to observe lower floors which are not available for 1st-floor residents. I understand English so when I looked out of the window, my attention might be drawn by the English slogan on the screen of the buildings outside. My data will not make sense to someone who lives on the 1st floor and can’t read English. If researchers use my data to conjecture why people look out of the window and what they see, they will exclude those who received no English education and lived in low region. This is not fundamentally different from discrimination if the researcher abandons the context. We talk about context as a way to respect the difference between people, and even more so to prevent data from being meaningful only to a certain segment of the population. We can't let data become a class product. We need to get data that covers people of diverse characteristics and conditions. The authors both agreed data has limitations and they both acknowledge human touch should be added to the computational culture of big data. But they stand in different positions. Giorgia stresses her identity as a designer and how data visualization can help build a more structured project. This conflicts with Danah and Kate’s argument that data shouldn’t be discussed in a specific group.